Add benchmark tutorial with bound-constrained examples (#320)
JuliaSmoothOptimizers/JSOSolvers.jl: docs/src/benchmark.md

# Benchmarks

## CUTEst benchmark

With JSO-compliant solvers, we can run the solver on a set of problems, explore the results, and compare to other JSO-compliant solvers using specialized benchmark tools.
We are following here the tutorial in [SolverBenchmark.jl](https://jso.dev/SolverBenchmark.jl/stable) to run benchmarks on JSO-compliant solvers.

``` @example ex1
using CUTEst
```

To test the implementation on bound-constrained problems, we use the package [CUTEst.jl](https://github.com/JuliaSmoothOptimizers/CUTEst.jl), which implements `CUTEstModel` an instance of `AbstractNLPModel`.

``` @example ex1
using SolverBenchmark
```

> Let us select bound-constrained problems from CUTEst with a maximum of 100 variables or constraints. After removing problems with fixed variables, examples with a constant objective, and infeasibility residuals.

Author: ```suggestion
Let us select bound-constrained problems from CUTEst with a maximum of 300 variables.
```
